API Keys - Determinist API Keys + Security changes (#148)
meilisearch/specifications: text/0061-error-format-and-definitions.md

---

## immutable_field

`Synchronous` / `Asynchronous`

### Context

This error happens when an immutable field is given in a payload dedicated to modify a resource.

### Error Definition

HTTP Code: `400 Bad Request`

```json
{
    "message": "`:fieldName` cannot be modified for the given resource.",
    "code": "immutable_field",
    "type": "invalid_request",
    "link":"https://docs.meilisearch.com/errors#immutable_field"

> }

Author: Good idea @ManyTheFish! Shouldn't it in this order? e.g. "`:fieldname` field cannot..."

> }

Author: Updated!

---

## api_key_already_exists

`Synchronous`

### Context

This error happens when a user tries to create an API Key that already exists for the given `uid`.

### Error Definition

HTTP Code: `409 Conflict`

```json
{

>     "message": "`uid` field value `:value` already exists for an API key.",

Reviewer: related to https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/2438#discussion_r885547329

```suggestion
    "message": "`uid` field value `:value` is already an existing API key.",
```

    "code": "api_key_already_exists",
    "type": "invalid_request",
    "link": "https://docs.meilisearch.com/errors#api_key_already_exists"
}
```

- The `:value` is inferred when the message is generated.

---
## invalid_api_key_uid

`Synchronous`

### Context

This error happens when the `uid` field for an `API Key` resource is invalid.

### Error Definition

HTTP Code: `400 Bad Request`

```json
{

>     "message": "`uid` field value `:value` is invalid. It should be a valid uuidv4 string or ommited.",

Reviewer: related to https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/2438#discussion_r885546155

```suggestion
    "message": "`uid` field value `:value` is invalid. It should be a valid UUID v4 string or omitted.",
```
